I am at the long restaurant arnaud
aubin titrated close to the ponte vecchio
and raymond friends we will realize the true
tomato sauce to the Italian nives so
done with 100 euros the director of the
restaurant that explained the secret
Italian sauce or so it's very
simple to accompany all pasta
so we left then I'm in
Italian cooking class and sauro me
say what to do and I am
there big and the hay in breath we 're going
put organic olive oil carapelli
yes okay you tell me stop at general
or not okay
stop you saw a lot of oil
olive
we like that it's greedy with lamb
ayo how am I doing here yes ok this is
violently agree we have here we put in
it is to perfume taya to the beautiful world to
sailing
so we'll cut the tomatoes on
take away the little bit of hindsight so like that
and you want them in small cubes was
make known at best and we do that in
small coarse cubes it is removed ccgp
calais your beautiful tree it will melt all
that I have my ready I put oil
egg tomatoes ready now this one
will cut the red onion
elsa if it's still chocolate at
score but here is enough to capture a little
career like this wants it going
yes booze so here I start to
absorb the bomb cut the
perenchinois that is to say pepe jeans to
these italian little italian pepper got
installed a southern altar
this is a little pepper called
the chino porch that comes from the south of
italy
if you are not that good and lyon
wanted to take espelette pepper and
look at her
simply it is dried the h10
figs that healthy ingredients a
beautiful dooly's mile and we left the
trunk in cooking hockey asim has been
the Barely There you only once to lapradelle
weight there I put the pan on the fire
Okay
we're going to put onions
started to shudder we do not call him
well seen that's it we did not stop these voices
Here and there we put all the onions
here
and here we go down quietly
yes bah aulas humanity pomodoro long there
now all the tomatoes at once
we're going
we put the tomatoes 2 3 minutes
traitor it's very simple had a role
quite loose in China but here we go
to put the pepper is these acrobats
who amalgamates is all the time
of course we are going to season
ok, you're really close to the one you
the sauro there is finished we will leave
simmer for how long do you do
what munoz and five minutes is left
simmer
as soon as it's finished in five
minutes a turn of the mill's black pepper
because you know that in Tuscan and
they love black pepper and basta
It's over
thank you very much his wheel for the recipe
thank you to your good fittest and drink peace
ltte had debts